alright here's my green house that I
built I purchased a Harbor Freight
greenhouse I put it up it's very
difficult to put up but we got her up
and then I built a frame around it
basically structure to protect it from
the elements
I wrap it in a poly basic high gauge
poly mil or high quality poly mil
plastic I did the you channels here on
the side and we wrap it in the winter to
help with the snow and it helps with
heating what I'm doing is I have a
corrugated panel to start with here then
I have the frame built off of it about
eight inches and then when I put the
plastic on that actually acts as air
insulation and I do a double layer of
plastic which allows me to get double
air insulation I had something I wanted
to try out see how it would work and the
combination of Amish insulation is
called where you build off of it at a
certain distance and pairing that with
the air bubble really seemed to be the
best overall option for the winters
around here in Wisconsin it gets pretty
cold but there's my greenhouse been
meaning to do a video for a while here I
learned a lot of stuff about gardening
and I'll give the credit to first up my
father helped me out a lot with it and
also watching YouTube videos a guy can
learn a lot from watching YouTube video
so I kinda mirrored what Brock his name
is mean choose on YouTube kind of
mirrored what he was doing and went by
his standards for some stuff I'm not
quite all hydroponic yet but we're
getting there I got the rail system
accomplished I got some aeroponic
systems going and then for the majority
of my tomatoes and cucumbers peppers and
lettuces I have
just regular soil going to there about
at eight feet now in the greenhouse here
for the tomatoes I got my cucumbers on
the side here which are climbing high
had about six some more Tomatoes over
here and some more Tomatoes right here
and I got them suspended by the rafters
on strings here if you want to see that
just a real basic string not quite the
poly string that you can get not the
strength of that but I doubled it up and
it seems to hold doing a pretty good job
I have cherry tomatoes growing I got big
beefs got heirlooms pink Brandywine one
of my favorite Tomatoes really liked
that one
I also have baby girls they're sweet
baby girls which I'll show you on the
side of the house here in a minute but
that's basically my greenhouse there and
I'll take you inside and show you